README.md, before:

# buzz

FIXME: description

## Developing

### Setup

When you first clone this repository, run:

```sh
lein setup
```

This will create files for local configuration, and prep your system
for the project.

### Environment

To begin developing, start with a REPL.

```sh
lein repl
```

Run `go` to initiate and start the system.

```clojure
user=> (go)
:started
```

By default this creates a web server at <http://localhost:3000>.

When you make changes to your source files, use `reset` to reload any
modified files and reset the server.

```clojure
user=> (reset)
:reloading (...)
:resumed
```

### Testing

Testing is fastest through the REPL, as you avoid environment startup
time.

```clojure
user=> (test)
...
```

But you can also run tests through Leiningen.

```sh
lein test
```

### Generators

This project has several [generators][] to help you create files.

* `lein gen endpoint <name>` to create a new endpoint
* `lein gen component <name>` to create a new component

[generators]: https://github.com/weavejester/lein-generate

## Deploying

FIXME: steps to deploy

## Legal

Copyright © 2015 FIXME

Commit message:

adds enlive support and uses it as the primary html (de)serializing library

README.md, after:

# buzz

Manifesto:
- Views
  - must be pure
  - must be self-contained
  - any html data format should be supported
    - hiccup
    - hickory
	- enlive
  - template can be used
    - moustache
    - html
- Layout
  - the collation of the layout should be done in data and not in a monolithic template
- Pipeline
  - during rendering each stage must
  - inspectable for debugging
  - optimisable, so that all database queries could be batched

## Developing

### Setup

When you first clone this repository, run:

```sh
lein setup
```

This will create files for local configuration, and prep your system
for the project.

### Environment

To begin developing, start with a REPL.

```sh
lein repl
```

Run `go` to initiate and start the system.

```clojure
user=> (go)
:started
```

By default this creates a web server at <http://localhost:3000>.

When you make changes to your source files, use `reset` to reload any
modified files and reset the server.

```clojure
user=> (reset)
:reloading (...)
:resumed
```

### Testing

Testing is fastest through the REPL, as you avoid environment startup
time.

```clojure
user=> (test)
...
```

But you can also run tests through Leiningen.

```sh
lein test
```

### Generators

This project has several [generators][] to help you create files.

* `lein gen endpoint <name>` to create a new endpoint
* `lein gen component <name>` to create a new component

[generators]: https://github.com/weavejester/lein-generate

## Deploying

FIXME: steps to deploy

## Legal

Copyright © 2015 FIXME
